OmegaConf.missing_keys to get a set of missing keys (#719)
omry/omegaconf: docs/source/usage.rst

    >>> assert not OmegaConf.is_dict(l)

OmegaConf.missing_keys
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Gives a set of missing keys represented in a dotlist style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``OmegaConf.missing_keys(cfg)`` returns a set of missing keys present in the input ``cfg``.
Each missing key is represented as a ``str``, using a dotlist style.
```

> This utility function can be used at the end of creating configuration, after merging sources and so on,
> to check for remaining mandatory fields and prompt a proper error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This utility function can be used after creating a config object, after merging sources and so on,
to check for missing mandatory fields and aid in creating a proper error message.
```

.. doctest::

    >>> missings = OmegaConf.missing_keys({
    ...     "foo": {"bar": "???"},
    ...     "missing": "???",
    ...      "list": ["a", None, "???"]
    ... })
    >>> assert missings == {'list[2]', 'foo.bar', 'missing'}

> A plain dict, list or any valid input for `OmegaConf.create` is also acceptable - the function would raise a `ValueError` exception on wrong input.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Since we are using `_ensure_container` now instead of raising the `ValidationError` explicitly, I don't think we should document the exact circumstances under which an error is raised (`_ensure_container` is an internal API).

Author: The docstring of the function says that it raises ValueError on input not representing a config - maybe that is better way to put it?

Reviewer: That sounds good to me.

Author: 👌 I've changed the phrasing
